Content: A number of new news messages, and a few new hails. (#6946)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/news.txt

			"The people from Earth are called Earthlings, but the people from Mars don't want to be called Martians due to those stupid old science fiction stories."
			"Somebody installed my anti-gravity plates upside-down. Luckily I saw it in time! Can you imagine what would have happened if I wouldn't have seen it?"
			"To the optimist the glass is half full, but zero gravity is even better, because there you don't even need the glass."
			"My ship has a built-in cinema, an artificial gravity pool and an indoor roller-coaster. But you also have a nice ship captain."

> 			"Hey, didn't I see you 3 weeks ago in the `The Space Bar` on Bourne?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Hey, didn't I see you 3 weeks ago in the 'The Space Bar' on Bourne?"
```

			"To the optimist the glass is half full, but zero gravity is even better, because there you don't even need the glass."
			"My ship has a built-in cinema, an artificial gravity pool, and an indoor roller-coaster. But you also have a nice ship, I guess."
			"Hey, didn't I see you 3 weeks ago in the 'The Space Bar' on Bourne?"
			"No bread is better than half a loaf, because then the passengers won't fight over it."
			"A painting is worth a thousand words, because the profit margin on transporting visual art is much higher than on dry literature."

> 			"A journey of a thousand miles, has a too short distance to make any profit."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"A journey of a thousand miles has too short of a distance to make any profit."
```

			"I was doing some jobs in the Core, when an enormous alien warship jumped in and attacked! People say I'm crazy, but I'm lucky to have gotten out of there with my life!"
			"The Syndicate tries to keep alien attacks under wraps, but if you've been around as long as I have, you'll see them eventually."
			"I was working a Syndicate defense job once, expecting to only deal with some pirates. Instead, I had to drive off an alien warship that jumped in same way the Quarg do! They made us sign a non-disclosure agreement, so don't tell anyone I said that."

> 			"Take caution when doing bounty jobs: when accepting one of those jobs, only the bounty hunter is allowed to attack the target. Not even the Navy can help out."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Take caution when doing bounty jobs. After it's accepted, only the bounty hunter is allowed to attack the target. Not even the Navy can help out."
```

			"I was doing some jobs in the Core, when an enormous alien warship jumped in and attacked! People say I'm crazy, but I'm lucky to have gotten out of there with my life!"
			"The Syndicate tries to keep alien attacks under wraps, but if you've been around as long as I have, you'll see them eventually."
			"I was working a Syndicate defense job once, expecting to only deal with some pirates. Instead, I had to drive off an alien warship that jumped in same way the Quarg do! They made us sign a non-disclosure agreement, so don't tell anyone I said that."
			"I once got hired by someone in search for his true love; he didn't know which ship she left in, so we travelled to dozens of planets to search for her, until he ran out of credits."

> 			"I once had a passenger that returned to a spaceport where she met her true love. I wonder if they ever got together again."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"I once had a passenger was returning to the spaceport where she met her true love. I still wonder if they ever got together again."
```

Author: I also re-added the word "that".

> 			"I once had a passenger that returned to a spaceport where she met her true love. I wonder if they ever got together again."

Author: ```suggestion
			"I once had a passenger that was returning to the spaceport where she met her true love. I still wonder if they ever got together again."
```

> 			"I once put 50,000 rifles and 150,000 grenades into my armory. One grenade became embedded in the floor due to the weight of all the other weaponry on top of it and I could no longer sell that grenade."

Author: The [bug-report that inspired this quote](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/issues/3639) was quite specific that only 1 grenade could not be taken-out/sold. :)

			"I felt lonely, so I participated in Romantic Matchmaking on a Syndicate planet, but that was a big scam! They never asked anything about the type of partner I was looking for, they only asked questions about what I wanted to buy in the next 10 years."
			"I once joined Romantic Matchmaking organized by the Syndicate, but they couldn't tell me anything about my true love due to privacy concerns. Can you believe that?"

> 			"Romantic Matchmaking as organized by the Syndicate is garbage; the Syndicate laws don't allow differentiating on gender, so there is a 50% chance that the match they find for you is the wrong gender."

Reviewer 2: Isn't the Syndicate implied to be sexist in lore?

Author: Yes, they are. I removed the part about syndicate law. (And left it unspecified why those matchmaking programs don't differentiate on gender.)

> 			"Romantic Matchmaking as organized by the Syndicate is garbage; the Syndicate laws don't allow differentiating on gender, so there is a 50% chance that the match they find for you is the wrong gender."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Romantic Matchmaking as organized by the Syndicate is garbage; they don't even differentiate on gender, so there is a 50% chance that the match they find for you is the wrong gender."
```

> 			"I once got married, but my partner didn't allow me to fly further than 5 systems away from her. Guess what? I'm now more than 5 systems away from my ex-partner."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"I once got married, but my partner didn't allow me to fly further than 5 systems away. Guess what? I'm now more than 5 systems away from my ex-partner."
```

Especially with the specification of "partner," don't really need that bit anyway.

> 			"I once got married, but my partner didn't allow me to fly further than 5 planets away. Guess what; I'm now more than 5 planets away from my ex-partner."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"I once got married, but my partner didn't allow me to fly further than 5 systems away from her. Guess what? I'm now more than 5 systems away from my ex-partner."
```

			"I once married somebody with no credits, and I lost half of my fleet when we divorced."

> 			"I really found my true love in one of those Romantic Match Making programs; my love always joins me on every flight I do and we are a great team."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I really found my true love in one of those Romantic Matchmaking programs; my love always joins me on every flight I'm on. We're a great team."
```

> 			"I often join those Syndicate Romantic Match Making programs; they are a great source to pick-up crew members that work for free, at least until they find out and then I dump them on whatever planet I'm visiting."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"I often join those Syndicate Romantic Matchmaking programs; they are a great source to pick-up crew members that work for free, at least until they find out. Then I dump them on whatever planet I'm visiting."
```

> 			"I often join those Syndicate Romantic Matchmaking programs; they are a great source to pick-up crew members that work for free, at least until they find out. Then I dump them on whatever planet I'm visiting."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I often join those Syndicate Romantic Matchmaking programs; they're a great source to pick-up crew members that work for free, at least until they find out. Then I dump them on whatever planet I'm visiting."
```

			"Truck drivers in the old days were required by law to take a break every 2 hours. Can you imagine that in our business? Stopping our ships every 2 hours to take a rest?"

> 			"I once had some Flat Earthers as passengers, they claimed that the planets we saw are 2 dimensional circles instead of 3 dimensional spheres."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I once had some Flat Earthers as passengers. They claimed that the planets we saw are 2 dimensional circles instead of 3 dimensional spheres."
```

> 			"Some Flat Earthers accused me of playing propaganda videos on the ships viewports when they looked out of the ship while we were in orbit."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Some Flat Earthers accused me of playing propaganda videos on the ship's viewports when they looked out of the ship while we were in orbit."
```

			"I once put 50,000 rifles and 150,000 grenades into my armory. One grenade became embedded in the floor due to the weight of all the other weaponry on top of it and I could no longer sell that grenade."
			"I felt lonely, so I participated in Romantic Matchmaking on a Syndicate planet, but that was a big scam! They never asked anything about the type of partner I was looking for, they only asked questions about what I wanted to buy in the next 10 years."
			"I once joined Romantic Matchmaking organized by the Syndicate, but they couldn't tell me anything about my true love due to privacy concerns. Can you believe that?"

> 			"Romantic Matchmaking as organized by the Syndicate is garbage; they don't even differentiate on gender, while many of their customers are not bisexual."

Reviewer 5: I think it'd be better to just drop the part after the comma entirely.
```suggestion
			"Romantic Matchmaking as organized by the Syndicate is garbage; they don't even differentiate on gender."
```

			"Truck drivers in the old days were required by law to take a break every 2 hours. Can you imagine that in our business? Stopping our ships every 2 hours to take a rest?"
			"I once had some Flat Earthers as passengers. They claimed that the planets we saw are 2 dimensional circles instead of 3 dimensional spheres."
			"Some Flat Earthers accused me of playing propaganda videos on the ship's viewports when they looked out of the ship while we were in orbit."

> 			"There's no point crying over spilt milk. But the bill for cleaning the 200 tonnes of milk that leaked from my ship is no laughing matter either."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"There's no point crying over spilt milk. But the bill for cleaning the 200 tons of milk that leaked from my ship is no laughing matter either."
```

> 			"I spy, with my little eye, and it is very large, flat and sturdy. The landing pads! How did you know?"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I spy with my little eye... something large, flat, and sturdy. The landing pads! How did you know?"
```

			"Some of the stuff we make here ends up as one little part of a spaceship. Whenever you see a ship, always remember that it represents the effort of over a thousand of us workers."
			"When things go wrong, somebody is responsible, and somebody gets blamed. Those somebodies are rarely the same person, unfortunately."
			"Some people claim our universe is a simulation, but my job is so boring that I'm sure nobody would ever want to simulate it."

> 			"I do parkour over the buildings to get to work, because the ground transports are just overcrowded, and the waiting times for shuttle transports are horrible."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"The ground transports are just overcrowded, and the waiting times for shuttle transports are horrible. Instead, I do parkour over the buildings to get to work."
```

			"Some of the stuff we make here ends up as one little part of a spaceship. Whenever you see a ship, always remember that it represents the effort of over a thousand of us workers."
			"When things go wrong, somebody is responsible, and somebody gets blamed. Those somebodies are rarely the same person, unfortunately."
			"Some people claim our universe is a simulation, but my job is so boring that I'm sure nobody would ever want to simulate it."

> 			"I do a parkour over the buildings to get to work, because the ground transports are just overcrowded, and the waiting times for shuttle transports are horrible."

Reviewer 6: Should be just "I do parkour"

> 			"I love working at the syndicate. The small company where I worked before didn't have showers, all people that came to office by foot were smelling bad throughout the day."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I love working at the Syndicate. The small company where I worked before didn't have showers, so all people that came to office by foot smelled bad throughout the day."
```

> 			"Moving to this planet was the best thing I did; My commute changed from 3 hours spaceflight to just 15 minutes walking."

Reviewer 2: Three hours in spaceflight? Going to another system takes a day in hyperspace.
```suggestion
			"Moving to this planet was the best thing I did; my commute changed from 3 hours spaceflight to just 15 minutes walking."
```

Reviewer 6: Perhaps "by shuttle" instead?

news "parent"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rich" "urban"
	name
		word
			"Parent"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"My kids make me so proud. They are doing so well; one is doctor and one is a lawyer. I'm so happy that none of them choose a job like becoming a spaceship captain."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"My kids make me so proud. They are doing so well; one is doctor and one is a lawyer. I'm so happy that none of them chose a job like becoming a spaceship captain."
```

> 			"I'm sad that I'm not a grandparent yet; my kids are more busy with flying spaceships than with extending the family line."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I'm sad that I'm not a grandparent yet; my kids are too busy flying spaceships to extend the family line."
```

> 			"I'm so ashamed that my boy only graduated with great honor. The daughter of the neighbors graduated with highest honor, what should I say to the neighbors when I meet them again?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I'm so ashamed that my boy only graduated with great honors. Our neighbors' daughter graduated with highest honors. What should I say to them when I meet them again?"
```

			"Do you want to see a picture of our newborn baby? We are so happy!"

> 			"Don't you hate it when parents only talk about their kids and nothing else? I really try to avoid that ... although I do have really nice kids. Do you want to hear about them?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Don't you hate it when parents only talk about their kids and nothing else? I really try to avoid that... although I do have really nice kids. Do you want to hear about them?"
```

			"I'll get my act together someday. For now I'm just enjoying life one moment at a time."
			"I'd love to get a job, but they all require so much experience, even for those so-called 'entry-level' positions."
			"Beat it, old-timer. I've got more important things to do than chat with you."
			"I hate working on spaceships, but 100 credits per day is 100 credits per day."
			"I will work for food."
			"I will work for transport out of this place."

> 			"I might be least today, but I will not be last; just wait until my ship comes in."

Author: I tried to make a wordplay on "last, but not least".

> 			"I might be least today, but I will not be last; just wait until my ship comes in."

Reviewer 5: I think:
```suggestion
			"I might be last today, but I will not be least; just wait until my ship comes in."
```
Is better, though I'm still not entirely sure it actually works.

> 			"I might be least today, but I will not be last; just wait until my ship comes in."

Author: I rewrote it a bit more.

			"Management warning workers not to join the union is one of our best sources of visibility among the workers."
			"Young people usually don't join a union, so we are mostly working for the benefit of higher aged workers."
			"Our visibility is increasing among the workforce; a rolling snowball will be harder to stop!"
			"If it ever happens that people paid more go home and you don't, then get a new job or join a union."

> 			"Here's a tip to know if you're being treated unfairly: 'Someone assigns you work, gives you a pizza and then goes home.' The pizza is worth less than your time, and both your time and the pizza are valued much less than they value their time."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Here's a tip to know if you're being treated unfairly: 'Someone assigns you work, gives you a pizza, and then goes home.' The pizza is worth less than your time, and both your time and the pizza are valued much less than they value their time."
```

			"All's fine and dandy until someone dumps a ton of rotten Caldan lobsters and you have to deal with the smell."
			"My worth comes from removing what's worthless!"
			"You wouldn't believe some of the stuff people throw away around the spaceport. Yesterday I found a perfectly intact ${small trash item} that someone had dumped."

> 			"You may look down on me, but I typically earn more money in a day than you in a month."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"You may look down on me, but I earn more money in a day than you do in a month."
```

			"I'm handing out astronaut badges by the dozen for first-time space travelers. It lost a bit of glamour now that every fool can book a flight on a spaceship."
			"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe I'm in the wrong profession."
			"Before the hyperdrive, rich people paid large sums of credits to be very visible going into space. Nowadays they pay large sums of credits to be invisible on-planet."
			"Antigrav boards for rent! You break it, you pay."
			"I sometimes misread 'wine tasting' as 'time wasting'. The worst part is that nobody's noticed so far."

> 			"Contact me if you are looking for some special company. No questions asked, no strings attached."

Author: I don't know. If is inappropriate for the game, then I don't mind to take it out.

> 			"Contact me if you are looking for some special company. No questions asked, no strings attached."

Reviewer 7: We don't *not* do it, and it's non-explicit so I'd say it'd probably be fine.
The construction of this is clumsy though, "Contact me if you are looking for some" feels clunky AF for this sort of message.
I'd expect it to be more in the order of; <special company, no questions, no strings, where to go/who to talk to>

> 			"Contact me if you are looking for some special company. No questions asked, no strings attached."

Author: Rewritten according to your suggestion.

			"Many people overestimate their own capabilities. Those people usually don't last long in their jobs."
			"Some people underestimate their own capabilities. Those people usually get bored and unproductive over time due to their work not being enough of a challenge."
			"Presenteeism, where people are present but too unwell to do productive work, is a bigger problem these days than absenteeism."

> 			"I should be dealing with some employees that are just hanging around and not doing any useful work, but being here in the spaceport and talking to people like you is much more fun."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I should be dealing with employees that just hang around and don't do any useful work, but being here in the spaceport and talking to people like you is much more fun."
```

			"Hyperspace relays are so integral to society that even pirates don't dare to touch them. They'd easily become the number one enemy of the Republic if they did."
			"I'm surprised at how many people on Earth are still using the old IPv4 protocol. None of the off-Earth websites are reachable for them."
			"Have you ever set up a TCP/IP connection from Bourne to a server on Farpoint? I did and it is a little slow, but it works!"

> 			"Do you know the DRQ of the HSBE for the North hyperlane? You don't understand? Sorry, a hyperlane can be thought of as a corridor through space."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Do you know the DRQ of the HSBE for the hyperlanes around here? You don't understand? Sorry, a hyperlane can be thought of as a corridor through space."
```

> 			`"Do you know the DRQ of the HSBE for the hyperlanes around here? You don't understand? Sorry, a hyperlane can be thought of as a corridor through space..." The engineer gives a long-winded and confusing explanation of hyperlanes.`

Reviewer 6: Won't this be in double quotes? Like this:
> ""Do you know the DRQ of the HSBE for the hyperlanes around here? You don't understand? Sorry, a hyperlane can be thought of as a corridor through space..." The engineer gives a long-winded and confusing explanation of hyperlanes."

Author: Good catch!

			"Hyperspace relay engineer"
	message
		word
			`"All of human space is linked into a single communications network by relay beacons. It's something that most people just take for granted."`
			`"Hyperspace links don't just allow faster-than-light travel. They also allow near-instantaneous communication, if you have the right sort of relay on both ends."`
			`"The hyperspace communications network is a marvel of public infrastructure, but most people just take it for granted."`
			`"Hyperspace relays are so integral to society that even pirates don't dare to touch them. They'd easily become the number one enemy of the Republic if they did."`
			`"I'm surprised at how many people on Earth are still using the old IPv4 protocol. None of the off-Earth websites are reachable for them."`

> 			`"Have you ever set up a TCP/IP connection from Bourne to a server on Farpoint? I did and it is a little slow, but it works!"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`"Have you ever set up a TCP/IP connection from Bourne to a server on Farpoint? I have. It's a little slow, but it works!"`
```

news "human ship salesperson"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	name
		word
			"Used Spaceship Salesman"
			"Used Spaceship Saleswoman"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"When one hatch closes, another one opens. Other than that it's a pretty good spaceship."

> 			"First I tell my customers how very durable my ships are. And after they buy, then I tell them about all the fragile parts to convince them to also buy extended warranty."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"First I tell my customers how very durable my ships are. And after they buy, I tell them about all the fragile parts to convince them to also buy an extended warranty."
```

news "human ship salesperson"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	name
		word
			"Used Spaceship Salesman"
			"Used Spaceship Saleswoman"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"When one hatch closes, another one opens. Other than that it's a pretty good spaceship."

> 			"This is a very durable spaceship. By the way; do want to buy extended warranty to cover all the breakdowns this ship typically experiences in the first year?"

Author: I know, but I actually experienced this when I was buying a washing machine; after I said I'll buy it, then the salesman started telling me everything that could break-down because he wanted to also sell me an extended warranty.

I'll replace the text by something similar.

> 			"This is a very durable spaceship. By the way; do want to buy an additional insurance, just in case it does explode in mid-air?"

Author: I'll take this one out.

			"Look at this! 'Five Reasons Why Captains Should Check Spaceports More Often - Number Two Will Make You Cry!'"
			"Read my new article! 'Ten Things the Quarg Are Hiding from Us - Number Seven Will Surprise You!'"
			"Check this out! 'Top 20 Things Starship Pilots Don't Want You to Know!' Wait, never mind."
			"11 signs that you are dealing with a corporate executive. Read my blog to protect yourself from those psychopaths!"
		word
			`"`

news "public relations worker"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent" "Quarg"
		not
			government "Quarg"
			not attributes "human"
	name
		word
			"PR consultant"
			"Crisis Consultant"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"If you ever get accused of smuggling drugs, then the first person to call is not your lawyer, but it is me."

> 			"It doesn't matter if an accusation is true or false, what does matter if an accusation is made public or not yet."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"It doesn't matter if an accusation is true or false. What does matter is if an accusation is made public or not."
```

> 			"One of my clients crashed her shuttle on the Parliament Building. Keeping that out of the news was horribly expensive, but it was still cheaper than the reputation hit from getting it broadcasted."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"One of my clients crashed her shuttle into the Parliament building. Keeping that out of the news was horribly expensive, but it was still cheaper than the reputation hit from getting it broadcasted."
```

			"Eating fancy dishes is great, but sometimes there's nothing you want more than a good old sandwich."
			"Last week my dish was completely ruined; somebody had calibrated my kitchen scale with the gravity settings of another planet."
			"There is only one thing worse than finding a worm in an apple you're eating: finding half a worm in that apple."

> 			"We can bake the most delicious fluffy cakes in space, but our trade-union said we shouldn't call them spacecakes."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We can bake the most delicious fluffy cakes in space, but our trade union said we shouldn't call them spacecakes."
```

> 			"Hey, don't just hang around over there! Help me load this stuff; those 50 catering-containers aren't going to move themselves."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Hey, don't just hang around over there! Help me load this stuff; these 50 catering containers aren't going to move themselves."
```

			"Be careful what you transport; another chef once tried to poison my supplies during transport. Both that chef and the transporting captain are in jail now."
			"A customer recently ordered a cheeseburger without the meat. Funny way to order a cheese sandwich."

> 			"If you ever start a restaurant near a spaceport, then don't call it `The Space Bar`. You might think you're funny, but so did hundreds of other new restaurant owners before you."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"If you ever start a restaurant near a spaceport, then don't call it 'The Space Bar'. You might think you're funny, but so did hundreds of other new restaurant owners before you."
```

			"Eating fancy dishes is great, but sometimes there's nothing you want more than a good old sandwich."
			"Last week my dish was completely ruined; somebody had calibrated my kitchen scale with the gravity settings of another planet."
			"There is only one thing worse than finding a worm in an apple you're eating: finding half a worm in that apple."
			"We can bake the most delicious fluffy cakes in space, but our trade-union said we shouldn't call them spacecake."
			"Hey, don't just hang around over there! Help me load this stuff; those 50 catering-containers are not going to move themselves."

> 			"Be careful what you transport; I once had a competitor that tried to poison my supplies during transport. Both the competitor and the transporting captain are in jail now."

Author: I will clarify that the competitor is a "another chef".

			"A customer recently ordered a cheeseburger without the meat. Funny way to order a cheese sandwich."

> 			"If you ever start a restaurant near a spaceport, then don't call it `The Space Bar`. You might think you are funny, but so did hundreds of other new restaurant owners before you."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"If you ever start a restaurant near a spaceport, then don't call it `The Space Bar`. You might think you're funny, but so did hundreds of other new restaurant owners before you."
```

			"I just got done handling an insurance fraud case where the owner claimed her entire home had been eaten by Sagittarian sand-fleas."
			"It's a real shame that not everyone is able to afford insurance. More people insured means more money for us."
			"I used to be a gambler. Still am in a way, but I'm acceptable to society now."

> 			"A spaceship controller, is that someone that controls a spaceship, or a spaceship that controls something? The premiums and amounts of paperwork for those are quite different."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"A spaceship controller... is that someone that controls a spaceship, or a spaceship that controls something? The premiums and amounts of paperwork for those are quite different."
```

			"I would love to tell you about my job, but just telling you I work for the Syndicate probably already violates the non-disclosure agreement I signed."
			"Those union boys are completely unreasonable; if we give them a finger then they try to eat up the whole arm up to the elbow."
			"I've some disagreements with a manager above me. Can you pick up a mediator called Harry the Butcher from Deadman's Cove to help us resolve the problem peacefully?"
			"I'm a manager. The folks here need to learn that it is my way or the highway."
			"Those union guys wanted to rally on a planet nearby, but unionising is forbidden on that planet, so we could stop them easily by closing the spaceport there for known criminals!"
			"My employees are angry when they need to do unpaid overtime in exceptional situations. They should have realized that working for me is exceptional every day."
			"Patience is a virtue, but why is 'just hurry up' not also a virtue? Hurrying up works much better in the factory."

> 			"When everything is under control, then we are not going fast enough. Except of course in your business, where people typically die due to explosions or due to the vacuum of space when things go out of control."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"When everything is under control, then we are not going fast enough. Except of course in your business, where people typically die due to explosions or the vacuum of space when things go out of control."
```

			"I allow people to go home when they are no longer productive, even if it is 3 PM. Who are we kidding if we just steer on being present instead of steering on being productive?"
			"We used to give our top performers shuttles, but they flew away faster than we could hire. Now we give them apartments and many are settling here and starting families."
			"I'm really fed up with employees that have a 'can do' attitude. Just do your job, without the attitude."
			"I'm actively recruiting people with a 9-to-5 mentality, because I know how important it is to have a good work/life balance."
			"We used to advertise our food products with 100% organic ingredients, but nobody believed us. Now we are advertising with 60% organic ingredients and sales are sky high."

> 			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done,' and that really caught on."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done', and that really caught on."
```

			"I would love to tell you about my job, but just telling you I work for the Syndicate probably already violates the non-disclosure agreement I signed."
			"Those union boys are completely unreasonable; if we give them a finger then they try to eat up the whole arm up to the elbow."
			"I've some disagreements with a manager above me. Can you pick up a mediator called Harry the Butcher from Deadman's Cove to help us resolve the problem peacefully?"

> 			"I'm a manager, the folks here need to learn that it is my way or the highway."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I'm a manager. The folks here need to learn that it is my way or the highway."
```

			"Those union guys wanted to rally on a planet nearby, but unionising is forbidden on that planet, so we could stop them easily by closing the spaceport there for known criminals!"

> 			"My employees are angry when they need to do unpaid overtime in exceptional situations, they should have realized that working for me is exceptional every day."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"My employees are angry when they need to do unpaid overtime in exceptional situations. They should have realized that working for me is exceptional every day."
```

			"Patience is a virtue, but why is 'just hurry up' not also a virtue? Hurrying up works much better in the factory."
			"When everything is under control, then we are not going fast enough. Except of course in your business, where people typically die due to explosions or due to the vacuum of space when things go out of control."
			"I allow people to go home when they are no longer productive, even if it is 3 PM. Who are we kidding if we just steer on being present instead of steering on being productive?"
			"We used to give our top performers shuttles, but they flew away faster than we could hire. Now we give them apartments and many are settling here and starting families."
			"I'm really fed up with employees that have a 'can do' attitude. Just do your job, without the attitude."
			"I'm actively recruiting people with a 9-to-5 mentality, because I know how important it is to have a good work/life balance."
			"We used to advertise our food products with 100% organic ingredients, but nobody believed us. Now we are advertising with 60% organic ingredients and sales are sky high."

> 			"We used to advertise that we are best in the marked, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'just what is needed to get the job done' and that really caught on."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done,' and that really caught on."
```

> 			"We hired a marketing agency and they came up with the sloppy slogan 'just what is needed to get the job done'. Can you believe we spent huge amounts of money on that garbage?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We hired a marketing agency and they came up with the sloppy slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done'. Can you believe we spent huge amounts of money on that garbage?"
```

		word
			`"`

news "human work coach"
	location
		government "Syndicate"
	name
		word

> 			"Corporate Consultant"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Corporate consultant"
```

> 			"Work/Life balance Coach"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Work/Life balance coach"
```

> 			"Work efficiency Coach"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Work efficiency coach"
```

	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"A startup company once hired me, and I immediately advised them to stop their company; Hiring an expensive consultant like me is a horrible decision for a cash strapped startup."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"A startup company once hired me, and I immediately advised them to stop; hiring an expensive consultant like me is a horrible decision for a cash strapped startup."
```

> 			"Working as a high-performer requires sound decision making abilities. Hiring an expensive consultant like me usually suggests a lack thereof, but I'm not complaining since I get paid well."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Working as the head of a company requires sound decision making abilities. Hiring an expensive consultant like me usually suggests a lack thereof, but I'm not complaining since I get paid well."
```

			"I would love to tell you about my job, but just telling you I work for the Syndicate probably already violates the non-disclosure agreement I signed."
			"Those union boys are completely unreasonable; if we give them a finger then they try to eat up the whole arm up to the elbow."
			"I've some disagreements with a manager above me. Can you pick up a mediator called Harry the Butcher from Deadman's Cove to help us resolve the problem peacefully?"

> 			"I'm a manager. The folks here need to learn that it is my way or the highway."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"I'm the manager. The folks here need to learn that it is my way or the highway."
```

> 			"Those union guys wanted to rally on a planet nearby, but unionizing is forbidden on that planet, so we could stop them easily by closing the spaceport there for known criminals!"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"Those union guys wanted to rally on a planet nearby, but unionizing is forbidden on that planet. We could stop them easily by having the spaceport there closed for harboring known criminals!"
```

			"My employees are angry when they need to do unpaid overtime in exceptional situations. They should have realized that working for me is exceptional every day."
			"Patience is a virtue, but why is 'just hurry up' not also a virtue? Hurrying up works much better in the factory."

> 			"When everything is under control, then we are not going fast enough. Except of course in your business, where people typically die due to explosions or the vacuum of space when things go out of control."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"If everything is under control, then we're not going fast enough. Except of course in your business, where people typically die due to explosions or the vacuum of space when things get out of control."
```

			"I allow people to go home when they are no longer productive, even if it is 3 PM. Who are we kidding if we just steer on being present instead of steering on being productive?"
			"We used to give our top performers shuttles, but they flew away faster than we could hire. Now we give them apartments and many are settling here and starting families."
			"I'm really fed up with employees that have a 'can do' attitude. Just do your job, without the attitude."
			"I'm actively recruiting people with a 9-to-5 mentality, because I know how important it is to have a good work/life balance."
			"We used to advertise our food products with 100% organic ingredients, but nobody believed us. Now we are advertising with 60% organic ingredients and sales are sky high."

> 			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done', and that really caught on."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done,' and that really caught on."
```

> 			"We hired a marketing agency and they came up with the sloppy slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done'. Can you believe we spent huge amounts of money on that garbage?"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"We hired a marketing agency and they came up with the sloppy slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done.' Can you believe we spent huge amounts of money on that garbage?"
```

			"We used to advertise our food products with 100% organic ingredients, but nobody believed us. Now we are advertising with 60% organic ingredients and sales are sky high."
			"We used to advertise that we're the best in the market, but that didn't work. Now we advertise with the slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done,' and that really caught on."
			"We hired a marketing agency and they came up with the sloppy slogan 'Just what's needed to get the job done.' Can you believe we spent huge amounts of money on that garbage?"

> 			"An employee once asked me how I was able to buy such a luxurious Flivver. I answered that if she works hard for as many hours as it takes, soon I'll be able to buy another one."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"An employee once asked me how I was able to buy such a luxurious Flivver. I said that if she keeps working hard, soon I'll be able to buy another one."
```

> 			"A colleague of mine is in deep trouble; he was annoyed with using his badge every time when entering the office, so he just disabled all security. It will take him years to repay all the equipment that was stolen due to his negligence."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"A colleague of mine is in deep trouble: he was tired of having to use his badge every time to enter the office, so he just disabled all the security. It's going to take him years to repay all the equipment that was stolen."
```

			"I can travel millions of kilometers to another planet, cheaply and within a day; but going to the other side of this planet, just a few thousand kilometers, costs me a fortune and a week of travel time."
			"Can I speak to the manager? There was a scratch on my cabin-door and it really irritated me. I think my whole vacation is ruined now."
			"Can I speak to the manager? The landing on this planet was a bit rough and I'm seriously considering filing a complaint."

> 			"Warn me if you see my partner or if you see my secret lover. They learned about each-other and now they are both trying to kill me."

Reviewer 2: How would the player even know what they look like?
```suggestion
			"Warn me if you see my partner or my secret lover. They learned about each other and now they're both trying to kill me."
```

> 			"Listen very carefully, I shall say this only once; I'm actually a secret agent trying to get to the naval base. Haha, just joking!"

Reviewer 2: What is this supposed to mean?

			"I hope I don't get posted to fighter duty next week. Those things are deathtraps. By the time you get close enough to fire your lasers, you've already lost half your shields!"
			"Nobody thinks about the Alphas anymore, but don't forget that they just disappeared. They could return at any time. If that happens, I'm going to kill every last one of 'em."
			"While it seems pointless to have the Bactrian locked behind a license, don't forget that it's one of the oldest designs in human space. It was the Navy Carrier of its time - and it's still comparable to one."

> 			"We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed `It's scrambled!`. Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed 'It's scrambled!'. Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs."
```

			"I hope I don't get posted to fighter duty next week. Those things are deathtraps. By the time you get close enough to fire your lasers, you've already lost half your shields!"
			"Nobody thinks about the Alphas anymore, but don't forget that they just disappeared. They could return at any time. If that happens, I'm going to kill every last one of 'em."
			"While it seems pointless to have the Bactrian locked behind a license, don't forget that it's one of the oldest designs in human space. It was the Navy Carrier of its time - and it's still comparable to one."

> 			`We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed "It's scrambled!" Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs.`

Reviewer 6: For consistency with other news that quotes someone, use single quotes for what's being quoted. That will let you use regular quotes for the phrase, as well.

> 			"We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed 'It's scrambled!'. Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed "It's scrambled!" Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs.`
```

			"I hate double standards; burn a body in a crematorium and you're a professional, burn a body in a spaceship and you're a criminal."
			"I missed my lover during the raids today. But only by a few inches; next time I'll aim better."
			"I once prayed to God for a new ship, but quickly found out He doesn't roll that way. So then I hijacked one and prayed for his forgiveness."
			"Living on the edge."

> 			"You can't win the game if you're afraid to lose it"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"You can't win the game if you're afraid to lose it."
```

			"Look at this! 'Top Ten Pirates Hector Barbarossa is Too Afraid to Cross!'"
			"Read this! 'Twenty Pirates with the Highest IQs - You'll Never Guess Who's Number One!'"
			"Check this out! 'Telltale Signs Your Spouse is Secretly a Pirate - Number Five Says it All!'"

> 			"Read my column on how to identify pirates in disguise! ... Or just look around at this planet, that also works."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Read my column on how to identify pirates in disguise!... Or just look around at this planet, that also works."
```

		word
			`"`

news "spaceport video advertisement"
	location
		government "Republic"
	name
		word
			"Video Advertisement on Spaceport"
	message
		word
			"You see a video of stuntmen making a jump from the edge of space. The 'do not try this at home', 'illegal on many planets', and 'high risk/deadly' warnings at the end of the video suggest that this might become quite a popular sport."

> 			"A video of fast spaceships racing over some 3 dimensional track in space is shown on the screen, interwoven with videos of very luxurious ships where people appear to be watching the race."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"A video of fast spaceships racing around a three dimensional course in space is shown on the screen, interwoven with clips of very luxurious ships where people appear to be watching the race."
```

> 			"An action-packed advertisement about joining the navy is playing on the screen. It shows impressive video-fragments of carriers, gunships, dropships and heroic marines."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"An action-packed advertisement about joining the Navy is playing on the screen. It shows impressive video-fragments of carriers, gunships, dropships and heroic marines."
```

> 			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan, 'Just what is needed to get the job done'."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan, 'Just what's needed to get the job done'."
```

			"Look at this! 'Top Ten Pirates Hector Barbarossa is Too Afraid to Cross!'"
			"Read this! 'Twenty Pirates with the Highest IQs - You'll Never Guess Who's Number One!'"
			"Check this out! 'Telltale Signs Your Spouse is Secretly a Pirate - Number Five Says it All!'"
			"Read my column on how to identify pirates in disguise! ... Or just look around at this planet, that also works."
		word
			`"`

news "spaceport video advertisement"
	location
		government "Republic"
	name
		word
			"Video Advertisement on Spaceport"
	message
		word
			"You see a video of stuntmen making a jump from the edge of space. The 'do not try this at home', 'illegal on many planets', and 'high risk/deadly' warnings at the end of the video suggest that this might become quite a popular sport."
			"A video of fast spaceships racing over some 3 dimensional track in space is shown on the screen, interwoven with videos of very luxurious ships where people appear to be watching the race."
			"An action-packed advertisement about joining the navy is playing on the screen. It shows impressive video-fragments of carriers, gunships, dropships and heroic marines."

> 			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan 'just what is needed to get the job done'."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan, 'Just what is needed to get the job done'."
```

			"Look at this! 'Top Ten Pirates Hector Barbarossa is Too Afraid to Cross!'"
			"Read this! 'Twenty Pirates with the Highest IQs - You'll Never Guess Who's Number One!'"
			"Check this out! 'Telltale Signs Your Spouse is Secretly a Pirate - Number Five Says it All!'"

> 			"Read my column on how to identify pirates in disguise!... Or just look around this planet, that also works."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Read my column on how to identify pirates in disguise! Or just look around this planet, that also works."
```

		word
			`"`

news "spaceport video advertisement"
	location
		government "Republic"
	name
		word
			"Spaceport Video Screen"
	message
		word

> 			"You see a video of stuntmen making a jump from the edge of space. The 'do not try this at home', 'illegal on many planets', and 'high risk/deadly' warnings at the end of the video suggest that this might become quite a popular sport."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You see a video of stuntmen making a jump from the edge of space. The "do not try this at home", "illegal on many planets", and "high risk/deadly" warnings at the end of the video suggest that this might become quite a popular sport.`
```

			"A video of fast spaceships racing around a three dimensional course in space is shown on the screen, interwoven with clips of very luxurious ships where people appear to be watching the race."
			"An action-packed advertisement about joining the Navy is playing on the screen. It shows impressive video-fragments of carriers, gunships, dropships and heroic marines."

> 			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan, 'Just what's needed to get the job done'."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Some video is showing Syndicate equipment. The video ends with the slogan, 'Just what's needed to get the job done.'"
```

			"Attention factory workers: please proceed to the fast-lane immigration desk. Time spent in regular immigration lanes will not be reimbursed."
			"Dear spaceship captains: please be aware that our outfitters are open all hours of the day. There is never a reason to delay the purchase of your next piece of Syndicate equipment."
			"Dear traveler: we recommend you to have dinner in our local restaurant 'The Wing'. You will not be disappointed."
			"Attention course participants: The course 'Efficient Passenger Logistics' has been canceled because the trainer got stuck in transit."

> 			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training has been canceled because our instructors crashed their shuttles this morning."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training course has been canceled because our instructors crashed their shuttles this morning."
```

			"Notice: The course on dealing with space sickness has been canceled because the instructor got seasick."
		word

> 			`"`

Reviewer 5: These all have double speech marks. Should they?

			"Attention factory workers: please proceed to the fast-lane immigration desk. Time spent in regular immigration lanes will not be reimbursed."
			"Dear spaceship captains: please be aware that our outfitters are open all hours of the day. There is never a reason to delay the purchase of your next piece of Syndicate equipment."
			"Dear traveler: we recommend you to have dinner in our local restaurant 'The Wing'. You will not be disappointed."
			"Attention course participants: The course 'Efficient Passenger Logistics' has been canceled because the trainer got stuck in transit."

> 			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training has been canceled because our instructors collided and crashed their shuttles this morning."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training has been canceled because our instructors crashed their shuttles this morning."
```

			"Attention factory workers: please proceed to the fast-lane immigration desk. Time spent in regular immigration lanes will not be reimbursed."
			"Dear spaceship captains: please be aware that our outfitters are open all hours of the day. There is never a reason to delay the purchase of your next piece of Syndicate equipment."
			"Dear traveler: we recommend you to have dinner in our local restaurant 'The Wing'. You will not be disappointed."

> 			"Attention course participants: The course 'Efficient Passenger Logistics' has been cancelled because the trainer got stuck in transit."
> 			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training course has been cancelled because our instructors crashed their shuttles this morning."
> 			"Notice: The course on dealing with space sickness has been cancelled because the instructor got seasick."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Attention course participants: The course 'Efficient Passenger Logistics' has been canceled because the trainer got stuck in transit."
			"Attention: The safe spaceship piloting training course has been canceled because our instructors crashed their shuttles this morning."
			"Notice: The course on dealing with space sickness has been canceled because the instructor got seasick."
```
Apparently American English prefers 1 `L`. Oops

			"What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?"
			"Spacing out in space is never funny."
			"Don't put graffiti on the wall here."

> 			"Slow spaceships slowdown speedy shipping."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Slow spaceships slow down speedy shipping."
```

			"What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?"
			"Spacing out in space is never funny."
			"Don't put graffiti on the wall here."
			"Slow spaceships slowdown speedy shipping."
			"Fast Flivvers; ferociously ferrying famous families fast and friendly."
			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."

> 			"Those who dance, will be called fools, by those who cannot hear the music."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
```
